{Eric Engineer}

Eric is a middle-aged software engineer at a tech consulting company. He spends his days in the office writing code, in several different languages. He’s good at implementing algorithms. He’s been in the industry for a number of years, and machine learning and artificial intelligence were not as hot of a topic when he was in school than it is today. 

Eric is calm and collected. He is always interested in learning new things. Eric likes the outdoors, and spending time with his family at home. He likes to take on side projects, and builds fun programs on his computer in his free time. He likes to run, and is currently training for a marathon. Eric dislikes frustrating experiences, like having his flight delayed. He dislikes when things do not work the way they are supposed to. He also dislikes commuting to work. Eric considers himself a beer connoisseur. He is also a terrible at bowling.

Eric lives in a 3-bedroom house with his wife and son. Being a software engineer gives him good money, so they live in a house in New England by right near the ocean. He can often work from home, but does have to make a long commute when he does go to work.

Eric wants to incorporate machine learning and artificial intelligence into both his projects at work and at home. He is fascinated by these topics, and this system provides an easy way to enter the field. Eric will first try the system out at work, when he decides he want to include one of these advanced topics into a project. When he sees how easy to use it is, and how much he is learning, he will start to use it at home for his side projects.

{Psydney Psychologist}
Psydney is a student studying Psychology. She spends a lot of time gathering data and conducting experiments on human subjects. To analyze this data she needs to use software that can give her meaningful results from a large amount of numbers, figures and variables.

Psydney is coding adverse, and doesn’t like dealing with data or software. She just wants technology to be a black box that you put data into and then get useful results out of. Psydney wants to spend time doing research, not learning python or other software to analyze results. In other words she likes technology with a high level of  transparency.

Psydney lives on a college campus and spends her time attending classes, hanging out with friends, and completing Psychology homework assignments. Like all college students, she is very busy, and wants to spend as little time on homework as possible, as she is also involved in sports, which take up considerable time out of her schedule.

When Psydney analyzes data from experiments, there are a number of things that are important to her. She needs to be able to organize and reorganize data to see trends, to apply a wide variety of tests to the data, divide up the data to analyze components separately, and to produce meaningful and easily customizeable visuals to describe her data.

Psydney would use our software when she needs to extract conclusions quickly from a data set she has just collected. She would likely turn to our software for a more user friendly, quicker and less coding heavy way to process her data as opposed to the other technologies psychologists typically use (SPSS, Matplotlib).


{Stephanie Student}
Stephanie Student is a junior in high school. She has enjoyed learning Java in her AP Computer Science class, but she’s getting a bit bored making basic calculators and Sudoku solvers. She is interested in making programs that are more exciting and less trivial, but is intimidated by how much she does not know. Some of the boys in her class have been programming for a while and do their own video game development outside of school. Stephanie does not feel comfortable asking them for advice about getting started with new projects|they seem so far ahead of where she is, and honestly, they can be kind of pedantic. Besides, Stephanie is not that interested in video games. She spends most of her free time reading science fiction and making naturalist drawings of birds in her backyard.

Stephanie lacks access to mentors. She has basketball practice right after school and can’t meet with her teacher at that time. Her parents are both lawyers, and neither know anything about computer science. She wants to create something cool that she can show to her friends, or even put on a college application (deadlines are fast approaching!), but she does not have the time or ability to learn a new programming language. She’s messed around on Codecademy, but the basic projects on there are no less trivial than the ones she’s working on in school.

Stephanie participates in school-of-choice, so she has a 40 minute bus ride to and from school. When she gets home she usually has to do homework or help out with dinner, so the commute constitutes most of her free time. Usually, Stephanie spends her time on the bus reading.

Why will Stephanie use our product? Stephanie, like most youth, is impatient to do something impressive and exciting, despite not having much experience. She might give up on computer science if she continues to feel that she’s incapable of doing anything as interesting as the more advanced coders in her class. She's looking for stimulation outside of the classroom, but she has no interest in video game development and doesn't have anyone to help her get started with new technologies. Our product would allow her to explore cool-sounding topics (like machine learning and natural language processing) without the intimidating and/or boring process that usually accompanies entering those areas. Best of all, our product’s environment would prevent her from making syntax errors that would take hours to debug and might cause her to give up. 



