Damini (interviewed by Paige)}
    The user was quickly able to open a new file by clicking the '+' symbol next to File 1 in the workspace. She noted that she expected to be able to find a similar option in the File menu at the top of the screen, supposing that the '+' was merely a shortcut.
    
    When asked to drag and drop a CSV file into the workspace, the user hesitated and then asked whether she could open Finder (the Mac application) and drag the file from there. This was the correct action to take, but her hesitation indicates that we should be more clear about what locations files can be dragged from, and perhaps have an option for uploading files without drag-and-drop to to make the function more accessible. 
    
    My user had never used Scratch or drag-and-drop coding software before (I asked her after the interview). When asked to generate a scatterplot of the data from the CSV file, she said that she was not sure whether she needed to click on the scatterplot block or drag it into the workspace, and that she would have tried both in a working application. One she did that, I told her that the variables and data in the Variables section had updated to reflect her CSV, to simulate what would actually happen. She noted that seeing the data pop up would be ``satisfying". She was then slightly confused as to whether she just needed to drag the data block into the workspace, or if she also needed to use the x and y variables. She was also unsure whether she needed to drag the data block on top of the scatterplot block, or if they would automatically link up if she simply dragged the data into the workspace.
    
    Finally, the user was not sure if the graph would be generated as soon as she put the correct blocks together, or if she needed to press the compile button. She was dissatisfied with the compile button being in the top menu, and suggested that it be placed somewhere in the workspace (e.g. top right corner). We have not yet implemented this in our prototype due to difficulties placing items in the workspace, but will attempt to do so for the next version. 
    
\subsection{Alina (interviewed by Russell)}
	During the first task, the user had some trouble recognizing where to go to open a new file. She thought based on conventions from other applications that new projects should be opened in the file tab, whereas in our design, there is a + icon at the top of the console to open a new project space. Once she saw this + however, the process of opening the file was intuitive to her. She also commented that she thought there might be some sort of keyboard shortcut to open a file.
	
    For the second task, the user was unclear on the action used to import the file. Although she immediately found the icon for importing a file, she expected it to launch a pop up to browse for files, instead of being a platform to drag files onto. When asked where she expected to be able to find the imported file, she was unsure whether it would appear as a variable or as a block, or in some other format. 
    
    Finally, during the third task, the user was unsure of where to find the appropriate block. She was unsure about the relationship between the main blocks division and the quick data analysis, and also unsure about the purpose and contents of the latter. Additionally, she expressed uncertainty about how to add the blocks to the workspace. She initially though that clicking a block would add it, and had to infer that blocks should be dragged into the work space. She was also unsure about the format of the data she had imported, but guessed correctly that it would show up as a block that would fit into the scatterplot block.
    
\subsection{Yvonne (interviewed by Seth)}
For the first task of creating a new project, the user clicked the + button next to File 1, which in the full version would create a new file. The user then tried to save the project, but had trouble finding the Save button. She suggested using a button that was more visible or recognizable, such as a floppy disk icon. Although we haven’t implemented a save button yet, we tried to make the ``Run” button more visible by making it an actual button instead of a menu item.

For the second task, the user was asked to load a csv file. I had a csv file on my desktop ready to be dragged, and made sure it was in view but did not say what to do with it. The user understood what to do from the text on the drag and drop area, and in one try dropped the csv file where it needed to go. I then pulled a Wizard of Oz and said that a new data block had appeared, which held the data from the csv file. 

For the third task, the user was asked to create a scatterplot of the data she had just loaded. She said that the concept of dragging blocks onto the workspace was initially confusing. I showed her a demo of Scratch so she could understand the concept better. From there, she connected the scatterplot block with the data that was loaded in. She suggested that the blocks clearly show how they could connect, because it was not clear from our wireframe in what way to connect the two blocks. We have implemented these better block shapes in our new prototype by using the Blockly library.
